huh I couldn't even imagine even want to
[ __ ] get to know a [ __ ] new girl
because it is a pain in the [ __ ] ass
you know you gotta sit in [ __ ] you
text back and forth and then you call
and then you go out to dinner you listen
to the [ __ ] [ __ ] you got to
listen to the whole [ __ ] you know
story and you're gonna tell your story
it's a same [ __ ] [ __ ] you've done
[ __ ] a million times and it's like I
you know I can't do it you know I mean
it'sit's to me it's just a waste of
[ __ ] time so I happen to see this
video by rich piana rich piana is a
well-known bodybuilder and YouTube
personality he's probably more famous
now just for commenting on the meaning
of life and giving people advice on
youtube then he was as a bodybuilder
before no shade that's great I'm happy
for him that he's kind of transformed
its life but he's one of these guys who
tends to ignore the extent to which his
unique experience in life biases him it
would be a bit like if I came on camera
and started giving advice about romance
that totally reflected my experience
being a white man living in Thailand
anybody could say back yeah but come on
this is ridiculous what you've just said
about romance and dating this is only
true of being a white man in Thailand
and maybe it's only true of being a tall
white skinned big-nosed white man in
Thailand in Thailand having pale skin is
considered attractive and believe it or
not having a big nose the ties are
obsessed with that I kid you not in the
Thai language there is no word for big
nose there is no word for having too big
a nose their word in the language for
big nose is beautiful nose it's
hilarious and all over Thailand there
are advertisements for rhino plastic
augmentation what I got there I was like
what is right off last I've never heard
of this before uh it means nose job but
it specifically means a nose job to make
sure nose bigger I kid you not so when I
watch a video like this
from rich piana first of all I'm struck
by the extent to which he's talking
about a situation with relationship men
and women that eighty-five percent of
men are never going to know and never
going to relate to now I say 85 to be
reasonable maybe fifteen percent of men
lived that way and share those attitudes
and share those problems I can imagine i
can relate on some level rich piana made
this video and he starts off by talking
about cheating and why you should not
cheat on your girlfriend or not cheat on
your wife or your boyfriend ever I
sympathize but the video kind of makes
an unmarked transition his topic drifts
into talking about relationships in
general you know relationships with the
opposite sex and the balance between
career ambition and relationships and
the meaninglessness of dating itself and
this really makes me reflect on what it
means to be a middle-aged man I'm 38
years old I identifies middle aged 30
days old and divorced divorced getting
divorced ages you let's face it um at
one point he's saying you have to choose
between being focused on your career
working hard and earning a ton of money
and having two or three girlfriends at
the same time and being broke again for
ninety nine percent of minute I know for
the vast majority of men that's not the
choice you have in life I do not have
the choice I cannot work twice as hard
at my job and earn twice as much money
I'm not an entrepreneur if I work twice
as hard at my job I'll earn exactly the
same amount of money and a lot of people
aren't jobs like that across the board I
think the vast majority of forms of
employment if you're not an entrepreneur
if you're not self employed you know I
don't choose the number of hours at work
I can't work twice as many hours it's
set in a contract I have certain
responsibilities I can do a good job I
can do an adequate job if I work twice
as hard to not get twice as much out of
it if I work twice as hard on having
meaningful relationships with women with
members of the opposite sex I get ten
times more out of it
I get a hundred times more I get a
thousand times more of it and that word
meaningful is exactly what's missing
from rich p Anna's view of the universe
that's what's partly so alien and in a
sense fascinating to me he describes a
world in which like he says you sit down
with a woman you tell her your story
that you've already told thousands of
times before you don't want to tell you
Mary and you hear her story and you've
heard it all before you don't hear it
he's seeing this where the the main
benefit to your ego he talks a lot about
Eagle which I understand that your main
benefit to your ego is bragging about
your relationship as women with your
your male friends now look this I'm sure
this reflects riches own experience with
women but for a lot of us out here our
experience is so far at the opposite
extreme that we can't even imagine
seeing the world through rich panos eyes
what he's talking about is being so
meaningless and so hollow and so empty
just being a burden of having to sit
down and have these conversations with
women those conversations with women are
the most meaningful conversations in my
life and in a sense I can lament that as
being sad one of the things I really
don't like about being middle-aged is
that man people only talk to you if it's
about sex or money and every time I
mention the submissions to friends an
email i mentioned friends and
face-to-face conversations and i've
probably mentioned it on youtube before
but like BAM once you get past a certain
age people are normally just not
motivated to put in the time to get to
know you to remain your friend even if
you already are friends unless there's a
sexual connection or there's a business
connection so i've met so many people in
the last five years hundreds and
hundreds of people remember i was on a
university campus in canada so every day
I was meeting including people my own
age people 25 35 but 55 meaning people
striking up conversations talking about
politics history making friends to some
extent none of those people were snow
there's i bet so many of you when i was
living in taiwan the one dude in taiwan
who still really makes the effort to
stay touched me so how are you doing
what's going on is the dude who knows we
may be business partners in the future
maybe making some money together may go
into business together and I respect
that and the friendship is not phony
it's not fake it's real we enjoy talking
to each other I'm interested in what's
going on in his personal life he's
addressing what's going on my personal
life you know he knows about my divorce
and stuff you know like it's not it's
not a business we are friends but the
only reason he's making that effort
whether he's aware of it or not i think
he is aware of it is that money
motivation and likewise like dude like i
can remember like a couple years ago
somebody said to me like send me an
email saying like oh well should I be
offended that you say people only talk
to you if it's about money or sex cuz
I'm not trying to [ __ ] you huh any of
those people who said that to me man
where are they now I got an email the
other day from a female friend where we
are just friends there's never been any
sexual connection and she hadn't sent me
an email for two and a half years I'm
not mad at her but that's what it's like
and when you're middle-aged like for me
a huge reason to put in the effort to
have sexual relations or romantic
relations is because sexual relations
anchor a really meaningful friendship
really meaningful gauged with people who
care about your life and want to know
you and in the best case scenario you
can have a relationship with a woman
where you progress from having been
lovers to being just friends but they
still have that engagement with you they
still have that commitment you and that
last they still really care about you
forever like maybe when I'm 65 years old
still care about me um even though the
romantic side of it didn't work out I've
sets before my channel so going to say
it real quick now I just meet people
with an open heart and an open mind I
see what's possible can we be friends
can we be lovers like is there the
potential for this kind of relationship
that kind of relationship and I'd like
to think I'm dealing with people mature
enough where if they wanted a romantic
relationship but we figure out it's not
possible we're not compatible we can
still build on a friendship or vice
versa whatever you
no but that's that's ol alien to me you
know rich PSP with the world that I mean
really on a deep level he assumes that
the relationship is completely
meaningless aside from sex and bragging
to your friends and an ego trip so
naturally given that perspective he's
not just against cheating on your
girlfriend he's really against
relationships women at all he's telling
you to minimize the amount of time and
energy spent on relationships with women
and put all of your energy into
allegedly making money but working
harder at your job but I said already
for most of us we don't have the
decision between being rich and single
and being broke with a bunch of
meaningful relationships in our lives
that's not a choice he five percent of
men 99% of mint the majority men do not
have that choice my choice is between
being broke and having meaningful
relationships or being broke and not
having meaningful relationships and I
mean it said it said I'm sure it just
reflects his own experience but even on
that level of earning money why do you
assume that meaningful relationships
with women whether it's with just one
woman or my woman why do you assume
that's just a drag on your productivity
that that's just going to diminish your
ability to pursue your ambitions in life
whether your ambitions are just making
money or just career or whether your
ambitions are like research educational
ambitions you want to learn something
you want to write a great book whatever
it is you want to do in life I'm sure on
a deep level riches had his heart broken
so many times he's been disappointed
when someone is that that doesn't even
occur to him but my experience with
women in my life if I was trying to make
money I'm not really but if I was
ambitious if my ambitions were attached
to money that'd be looking for the woman
who comes in my life playing a positive
role hey now we're going to get money
together when in the past I was really
motivated by research language research
history research politics research I'm
looking for the woman who's going to
come into my life
and it's going to be hey let's do
research together you know let's get
this PhD together let's write this essay
to get those publishes together and so I
I mean look obviously I have nothing in
common with rich piana but to me
watching that video was just fascinating
because it made me reflect on such a
deep level how alien i am from him and i
don't know i don't know how many guys
I'm alien from just because I guess he
sees meaningful relationships either as
impossible or the whole meaning of the
relationship is just a waste of his
[ __ ] time the meaning of the
relationship is an unwanted distraction
from his business life and it's just an
unwanted obstacle between him and sex
and for me it's tragic in a way but
honestly it's more like the sex is the
price you've got to pay to have
meaningful and loving relationships in
your life because I don't like it but
when you hit middle age it seems like
the only people are motivated be your
friends are people who either have some
connection with you sexually or they
have some connection with you in terms
of business where it's about money on
some level past present future you're
going out and making money together you
know all that time you're spinning out
[ __ ] texts and girls and whatever you
should be [ __ ] trying to build a
business trying to do something to
[ __ ] help yourself you know and be
productive you know that's a million
times more important my honey girls you
[ __ ] in a lifetime it does not do [ __ ]
for you huh I couldn't even imagine even
want to [ __ ] get to know a [ __ ]
new girl because it is a pain in the
[ __ ] ass you know you gotta sit in
[ __ ] you text back and forth and then
you call and then you go out to dinner
you listen to the [ __ ] [ __ ] you
got to listen to the whole [ __ ] you
know story then you're gonna tell your
story it's a same [ __ ] [ __ ] you've
done [ __ ] a million times and it's
like it I you know I can't do it you
know I mean it'sit's to me it's just a
waste of [ __ ]